This script gets installed into host/cross (along with it's database) and is run by Harvest/bInstall.
It checks cross-license compliance for all ELFs (applications, libraries, modules) present in target/root.

When violation is detected it will return with error effectively interrupting Harvest's make and display the following message:

                  !!! WARNING !!!

                  There are critical errors detected by this script. There are some very specific steps you need to take to correct these errors:

                  1. Please try to understand the nature of these errors. Likely some components violate Cubiware and/or third-party licenses,
                     however errors may also be caused by missing licensing information for new (or previously undiscovered) components.
                  2. Please contact Adam Dawidziuk (adam@cubiware.com) immediately! Please provide full debug log (above) or better yet a file
                     sbuild*/host/local/usr/local/share/license_checker/db.json
                  3. Please DO NOT continue building any software deliverables until all errors are corrected by Cubiware.
                     This will usually mean pulling-in an updated Src/license_checker repo.
                  4. Please DO NOT modify/remove this script from your build path and/or its data files in order to get around these errors. Contact Adam Dawidziuk first.
                  5. Please DO NOT try to single-handedly define/modify licensing information for any new and existing components. Contact Adam Dawidziuk first.
                  5. Please DO NOT under any circumstances release to ANYONE any software deliverables that were made while any errors from this script were present.

It's then developer's responsibility to follow these instructions in order to SOLVE the problem.

TODO:
- Review all "BSD" like components and decide which flavor it actually is (2C, 3C, 4C)
- Perhaps performance improvements (somewhat limited by pyelftools...)
- Support not only for ELFs but other resources of various kinds (bitmaps, fonts, scripts, data files)
- better python code :P
